#Words, Terms, and Phrases

####This will your dictionary throughout these exercises. If it's not in here,
####Contact me to ask and I will update it.

## General terms for binaries:

**Binary:** The binary is the compiled C or C++ file. Anything that is in the
binary has a *constant address.* (usually, see PIE)

**libc:** A binary the is *dynamically linked* has a libc file. This means that
the whole set of standard library functions are somewhere in memory to be used
by the program

**PLT:** Stands for . The PLT is essentially a wrapper function for all
functions directly called in the binary. *These are only used in dynamically
linked binaries*

**GOT:** Stands for Global Offset Table. The GOT is a string of pointers into
libc. The PLT calls whatever address is loaded into the GOT at runtime.

**Stack:** The stack is part of the memory for a binary. Local variables and
pointers are often stored here. The stack can be randomized.

**ASLR:**  Stands for Address Space Layout Randomization. This means that the
stack and libc addresses are randomized from runtime to runtime.

**PIE:** Stands for Position Independent Executable. This is essentially ASLR
but for the binary itself. When this protection is enabled, locations of actual
code in the binary are randomized.

**NX:** Stands for Non-Executable. This means that no memory is both writable
and executable, so shellcode is useless unless you bypass it. I don't really
cover binaries without NX because they aren't common.

**ROP:** Stands for Return Oriented Programming. In regular terms it means that
we reuse tiny bits of code throughout the binary to get what we want.

**Heap:** The heap is a far more reliable memory space similar to the stack.
However, usage of the heap has to be invoked by the coder, so heap problems are
often their own category of exploitation

## Important functions to look out for:

TODO: ADD MORE.

`system()` : This function can be used to execute commands or even other
binaries if called properly. I think it defaults to sh to handle commands on
most linux flavors

`mprotect()` : This is the function responsible for setting page pivilieges. If
you can call this function with your own arbitrary arguments, you can
effectively bypass NX protections
